IAN ROBINSON LEGAL SERVICES
POLICE STATION REPRESENTATIVE

07359037839
ianrobinson2010@outlook.com




POLICE STATION ATTENDANCE FILE






Instructing Solicitor: JP Legal 
Representative attending: Ian Robinson
Date: 17/10/2025

Police Station/location: Warrington

Status: Arrest/voluntary

Source: Own 




Client name: Mitchell Williams 

Address: 23 Waterfall Road, Dudley, DY5 2QP

Date of birth: 10/12/2001

Gender: Male/female/other/prefer not to say

Country of birth: England

Place of birth: Worsley 

Nationality: British

Ethnicity: White British/White Irish/Black or Black British African/Black or Black British Caribbean/Black or Black British other/Asian or Asian British Indian/Asian or Asian British Pakistani/Asian or Asian British Bangladeshi/Chinese/Mixed white & black Caribbean/Mixed white & black African/Mixed white & Asian/Mixed other/White other/Asian or Asian British other/Gypsy/traveller/unknown

Telephone: 07596714528

Email Address: mitchellw12103@gmail.com 
Occupation & income: Builder – Self-Employed - £33.5k per year 

National Insurance Number: Unknown 

Marital status: Single 

CRN: VA

DSCC reference: Unknown

URN: U/K

Appropriate adult: No

Interpreter: No 

Detention and welfare issues: No relevant times as VA Interview 

Disability: Not considered disabled/blind/cognitive impairment/deaf/hearing impairment/longstanding illness/learning disability/difficulties/mental health condition/mobility impairment/physical impairment/sensory impairment/visual impairment/other

Allegation: PWITS Class A 

Letter to Client: PWITS Class A - Possession with intent to supply Class A drugs is defined under the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971.  It is an offence for a person to have a controlled drug in their possession, whether lawfully or not, with the intent to supply it to another who has no legal right to possess it.  Supply is a simple act of passing a controlled drug from one person to another.  This is an either way offence which means it can either be heard at the Magistrates Court or the Crown Court. If you are convicted of the above offence, it is punishable by way of a court order or custodial sentence.

Disclosure: Typed Disclosure Document provided. In addition, the following information was obtained:

Unclear if he was alone or with others. 
All of the drugs are in an airbed in an airbed box. Not clear what the airbed is inside of. 
Drugs are in one bag and not individually wrapped. 
No other paraphernalia found on him. 
Phone Seized – PIN given. 2222. No work done on the phone yet. 
No cash found on him. 
No comment made by him. He was then ejected. 

Letter to Client – I attach a copy of the Pre-interview Briefing Document provided. 

Instructions

 It was a shared Airbed between and my friends. I was with one other person who is with me and others we know are inside. I do not wish to name who these friends are. 
I am not happy with the person who is responsible. I gave them a few words as they have put me in this position. I am not willing to give their name as they are not forthcoming in wanting to come forward. 
I have hold of the box that I was carrying in. 
I have the airbed under arm in its box. I have a duffel bag across my shoulders. This has my clothes, snacks and Deodorant. Everything in the duffel bag is mine. It is a double airbed that I was going to use with a friend. It was brand new and bought by me. 
I have no knowledge of the drugs that were contained inside. I haven’t put them in there. Airbed purchased the day before. It was at my house on the Thursday. 
Friday – mate drove us down. We had friends that went down on the Thursday, and we went down on the Friday as we had work. 
I was not using or intending to use any drugs at the time of this event. 
Forensic Testing – Drug packaging will not contain my DNA. I have had the airbed out to look at it and that may contain my fingerprints. 
I didn’t say anything in the moment. They told me I was being kicked out and therefore anything I said would not have made a difference. 
Phone – I-Phone X. it is my phone. PIN given as I wanted numbers from the phone before they took it. Had the phone a fair few years. 
There will be evidence of drug supply. There will be evidence of me supplying drugs the day before. The day before there will be evidence of one person asking to purchase pills. A girl from my area is asking to buy pills for a separate festival. It’s clear in the messages that a friend of mine in Ibiza has given her my contact details. I then contact him and ask him where he has hidden the stuff. He says its in a car by his. It will show that I have supplied the drugs later on and this was 4-6 pills. This was about 6pm – 7pm. 
She text me on normal text. My friend was spoken to on Snapchat or voice call. 
There may be other evidence of dealing on there. 
There is likely to be messages on the phone in relation to me taking drugs into the event (Creamfields). These messages will be from a couple of weeks before. It’s a different male from the male in Ibiza. It is the male that I go into the event with. The messages will relate to me taking the drugs. These messages will be on Snapchat. 
I did have knowledge that those drugs were there. The drugs were for personal use. I could take 6-8 tablets a day. The drugs were for me and 2 friends. I didn’t purchase the drugs. One of the other two purchased them. My fingerprints and DNA is likely to be on the drugs that are there. Neither of these two are willing to come forward to give a version to say some of the 42 were theirs. One has a separate case of dealing. They will be messages of him taking drugs in the previous day and selling them. No suggestion in the messages of “reload”. 
No debt, not being forced to take the drugs inside. 

Instructions (letter to client): You provided a version of events that remain on my file. 

Advice: 

No Comment Advice. Client has provided 2 different versions of events during consultation. Initially he stated that he had no knowledge of the drugs recovered and that they were not his. Upon more detailed questioning the client states that the drugs are his but states that they are for personal use. 

Following the second account being presented the client is asked regarding what will be found on his mobile phone. Client has advised that there will be messages from the evening before he attended the festival that will show that he played a role in dealing “pills” to someone for a separate festival. Also, there may be messages from the same day of someone who was already at Creamfields and had sold drugs.

On the basis of what may be found on the Mobile Phone, No Comment Advice is given until the extent of evidence the police gather is revealed. 

INTERVIEW 

Interview
Start (24hr)
Finish (24hr)
Tape Ref
Present
1

13:21

13:28
DR07715715
MW, IR, PC 37719 Adamson
2

:

:


3

:

:


4

:

:



Interview Notes:
Introductions, Right and Entitlements, Cautioned – Explained. Client answers No Comment to all questions. Q’s: can you tell me why you are here, do you work, what do for work, how much earn, any benefits, work for cash in hand, any other form of income, any investments, won money, own any houses in UK, overseas, vehicles, bank account in UK, hold any overseas bank accounts, watches, members of gyms or golf clubs, pay mortgage or rent, spend on utilities, dependants, car hire or lease agreements, owe any money to friends, alcohol, smoke, gamble, holidays, how much take as cash, when and where buy ticket for event, what type, how get to the event, who go with, how getting home, when plan to leave, do you take drugs, how do you take them, how often take them, how many drugs take in a session, are these sessions often, what affect do drugs have on you, how do drugs make you feel, when last time took drugs, TJR/1 & 2 – 42 green pills and Cannabis in a bag, are they yours, where were they found, what do you believe those drugs to be, when and where did you get them from, who, how much pay, what planning to do with them, concealed in an airbed, is that correct, why conceal the drugs in that airbed, was it to share with friends, was it to sell for monetary gain, threatened to take them in, now in drugs debt because these have been seized, in danger now, phone seized, I-Phone 14 Pro, PIN given as 2222, your phone, contract, who’s name is it under, PIN code correct, when phone is examined will there be talks of supply, evidence of drugs, group chats of Creamfields, intending to supply those drugs, when walking in did you see the amnesty bins. Ends – 13:28. 

RESULT

Client has been Released Under Investigation pending further enquiries (Drug Analysis, Phone Download, Forensics) and disposal decision. 

OIC: PC Victoria Adamson – 01606 362348

OUTCOME
√  
OUTCOME
√ 
Police Bail s47(3)

Reprimand/Final Warning

Charge

Summons

Caution

RUI
x
Conditional Caution

Community Resolution 


BAIL CONDITIONS    [ if unconditional bail then √ □ ]

1
N/A - RUI
2

3

4

5


Times:
Travel 11:36 – 12:12
Attendance 12:12 – 13:42 (Arrived late due to all roads around the station being closed for roadworks)
Travel 13:42 – 14:06
Miles: 8
Parking: £2.00
Agents Postcode: WA1 
